docs: update paragraph on tokens and their access (#1285)
Unleash/unleash-edge: README.md

### Tokens in edge mode

Edge requires tokens at startup and refuses requests from SDKs that have a wider or different access scope than the
initial tokens. Incoming requests must have a token that exactly matches the environment, as well as no projects not
specified in the initial tokens.

> So if your token `[]:development.<somesecret>` only had access to `projecta` and `projectb` and you try to access Edge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if your token `[]:development.<somesecret>` only had access to `project-a` and `project-b` and you try to access Edge
```
